The lack of didactic documentation within the Globus community has
become an important barrier for newcomers to Globus technologies, who
find that documentation in almost every aspect of Globus technologies
(installation, programming, administration, etc.) is scarce and,
generally, either too technical or too abstract. The Globus Alliance
wants to address this issue by creating a documentation framework to:

(a) stimulate the creation of documentation by members of the Globus
community,
(b) coordinate all the different documentation efforts carried out by
members of the Globus community, and
(c) make documentation easily accessible to all Globus users (from
beginners to experts).

To accomplish this, we have created a PostNuke website that will act as
a central repository of Globus-related documentation in such a way that
the Globus community will have a "single point of access" to
documentation. The website contains organized collections of links, FAQs
and articles. Although most of the contents will be written by GDP
administrators, any Globus user can easily contribute links or FAQs. A
Wiki section also allows users to quickly contribute documentation
tidbits (e.g. a message thread from one of the mailing lists) which can
later on be polished into FAQ or article format by one of the GDP
administrators.

At the time of writing this abstract, the GDP website is still under
construction, but we plan for it to be fully functional on time for
GlobusWORLD2005. A preliminary version can be accessed at the following URL:

    http://gdp.globus.org/
